Readme.md, before:

# The One Minute Pitch

## by Edith Umutoniwase

## Description

This is an application that allows users to create an account then publish and read pitches created by other users. Users can also comment on pitches if they are logged in.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

- https://github.com/umedith/one-minute-pitch
- download the zip file
- unzip it on your documents folder
- open the folder on your preferred text/code editor
- code away


## BDD

The program lets a user register

- Example input: Submit registration form
- Example output: User receives a welcome email

The program lets the user login

- Example input: Submit login form
- Example output: displays user name on right of navbar

The program lets a user publish a pitch

- Example input: Create a pitch
- Example output: Redirects user to form to create a pitch

## Technologies used

- Python
- Flask
- postgres
- pip

## Known Bugs

 none

## Support and contact details

email: umedith03@gmail.com

## License

MIT Copyright (c) 2020 Edith Reine

Commit message:

added the live site to the readme

Readme.md, after:

# The One Minute Pitch

## by Edith Umutoniwase

## Description

This is an application that allows users to create an account then publish and read pitches created by other users. Users can also comment on pitches if they are logged in.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

- https://github.com/umedith/one-minute-pitch
- download the zip file
- unzip it on your documents folder
- open the folder on your preferred text/code editor
- code away


## BDD

The program lets a user register

- Example input: Submit registration form
- Example output: User receives a welcome email

The program lets the user login

- Example input: Submit login form
- Example output: displays user name on right of navbar

The program lets a user publish a pitch

- Example input: Create a pitch
- Example output: Redirects user to form to create a pitch

## Technologies used

- Python
- Flask
- postgres
- pip

## live site 

You can find the application live on eddypithch.herokuapp.com/

## Known Bugs

 none

## Support and contact details

email: umedith03@gmail.com

## License

MIT Copyright (c) 2020 Edith Reine
